citeview on a modest man's budget could
this locally built flying machine be the
latest tool for police and firefighters
well you know the military is using
drones all over the world now but those
are unmanned airplanes on your side
investigator Dan till can shows us to
local inventors who jokingly call
themselves the Roswell flight test crew
but they're on the cutting edge of
unmanned miniature helicopters if you're
ever in portland's gabriel park this is
a mind little bird you might spot two
middle-aged friends is our high-tech
bungee cord battery retention system
here fiddling around with what looked
like toys high-definition camera it's
patrick sherman and brian's a wise now
our patch here the motto semper k
dentists is latin for always crashing
goggles off you'll be able to see what
I'm seeing on here they get the
sensation of soaring through their
homemade hobby that maybe just maybe is
on the cusp of a whole lot more see what
looks like a joyride altitude on right
hand side 70 miles an hour has serious
application like flying into the heart
of a raging fire this is video the men
captured last month while flying above
longview firefighters in real-world
training as crews practice battling
flames devouring an apartment complex
this thing can I mean compared to the
cost of a human life go freely you know
right into the middle of an inferno or
you know into a very dangerous situation
say to observe a gunman there's
something and if it catches on fire gets
shot down who cares we'll build another
one they've built their quadcopters with
parts from a cannibalized weed this is
the bottom half of the wiimote
essentially it's a three axis gyroscope
other parts and computer programs come
from other mini copter buffs around the
world sharing technology through the
internet it's like a nerd supply chain
for less than a thousand dollars each
unfortunately there's no manual for this
stuff the pair builder quadcopters and
fly them at places like the tigard
festival balloons or over the Providence
bridge pedal 1,400 feet down range
360 feet of altitude but Patrick works
for the Clackamas County Sheriff's
Office and sees more important jobs
already a major corporation has inquired
about their machines that for now are
still just high-flying fun there's been
a wild ride and silken k 2 News we know
a lot of you will be interested in
learning more about the quadcopter so we
have a link to their website go to our
website katu com click under hot links